This problem, originally given by Stuart Kurtz, will
expose you to some real-world I/O challenges. Use
getline() on your input stream to process a line at a
time.
⚫ Use either std::regex or CTRE
⚫ For extra credit, try both and compare (see ex. 11-3)
⚫ You will likely want to look up ifstream for doing file
I/O if you aren’t familiar with it already.

While the political debate over the role of
anthropogenic forcing factors has on global warming
rages, the hurricanes in the Atlantic rage on. The
destructiveness of recent year's storms has been
given as evidence for global warming. A serious
problem in evaluating this is the extreme variability
in the number and strength of hurricanes over time.
The NOAA has a good (not perfect) data set that
records hurricanes since 1851. What I want you to
do is write a program that will attempt to analyze the
strength of each hurricane season based on NOAA
data. 

We will use the following easily computed aggregate
measure
⚫ The familiar scale of hurricane strength giving Hurricane
category based on its windspeed is called the Saffir-
Simpson scale
⚫ The windspeed range for each category is available on Wikipedia
⚫ I want you to measure the aggregate storm activity in
Saffir-Simpson days as follows
⚫ The NOAA data has four daily sustained wind speed readings for
each storm, given in knots
⚫ Map each wind speed to the Saffir-Simpson scale
⚫ Divide each such entry by 4.0, and add it to the year's total (each
entry is taken as a surrogate for 1/4 of a day's total activity)

Historical data on hurricane strength is given in the
Canvas file hurdat_atlantic_1851-2011.txt
⚫ An explanation of the format of the data can be found in the Hurdat format.pdf
file on Canvas
⚫ This data set is pretty typical for scientific datasets accumulated
over many years -- it is an ASCII version of a punch-card set.
⚫ Your assignment is to write a program that computes and
prints a table of the annual Saffir-Simpson day totals for
each year from the above data
⚫ You can use either std::regex or CTRE
